Add initial doc for kotlin (#42)
svix/svix-docs: docs/event-types.mdx

}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="kotlin">

```kotlin

> package sviximport;
> 
> import java.io.FileReader;
> import java.io.IOException;
> import java.util.Scanner;
> import com.svix.kotlin.Svix;
> import com.svix.kotlin.models.EventTypeIn;
> import com.svix.kotlin.exceptions.ApiException;
> 
> internal class App {
>     suspend fun main() {
>         val svix = Svix("AUTH_TOKEN")
>         try {
>             Scanner(FileReader("/Users/fcjr/Desktop/import/data.csv")).use { scanner ->
>                 while (scanner.hasNextLine()) {
>                     try {
>                         val line: List<String> = scanner.nextLine().split("|")
>                         svix.eventType.create(EventTypeIn(line[1], line[0]))
>                     } catch (e: ApiException) {
>                         println(e.message)
>                         exitProcess(1)
>                     }
>                 }
>             }
>         } catch (e: IOException) {
>             println(e.toString())
>             exitProcess(1)
>         }
>     }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package sviximport

import com.svix.kotlin.Svix
import com.svix.kotlin.models.EventTypeIn
import com.svix.kotlin.exceptions.ApiException
import java.io.File
import java.io.IOException
import kotlinx.coroutines.runBlocking
import kotlin.system.exitProcess

fun main() = runBlocking {
    val svix = Svix("AUTH_TOKEN")
    try {
        File("/path/to/data.csv").useLines { lines ->
            lines.forEach {
                try {
                    val line = it.split("|")
                    svix.eventType.create(EventTypeIn(line[1], line[0]))
                } catch (e: ApiException) {
                    println(e.message)
                    exitProcess(1)
                }
            }
        }
    } catch (e: IOException) {
        println(e.toString())
        exitProcess(1)
    }
}
```
